Tomorrow is a great day for all of us because\h
it’s the Guru Puja Day, and perhaps you know that\h\h
Guru puja is the greatest\h
day for all the sahaja yogis,\h\h
also for Me.
Of course, Sahasrara is the day, which is\h\h
very important, which makes a big history in the\h
spirituality and also in the evolutionary process.
But for us the sahaja yogis and Myself –\h\h
it’s very remarkable that we are here to\h
know something and to teach something.\h
Now, if you see how Sahaja Yoga knowledge\h\h
has slowly come to all of you.
Gyaneshwara\h\h
has described it so beautifully – he says, “Like\h
the petals when they fall on the Mother Earth,\h\h
gently,\h\h
in the same way, let this knowledge fall onto the\h
minds of the disciples and make them fragrant."
Another thing described is a bird called Chakoor,\h\h
which is a bird which just at the time of\h
full moon, sucks the nectar of moonlight,\h\h
otherwise, it doesn’t care for\h
anything else, it feeds only on itself.
So he says, “Let the knowledge\h
of the Divine be sucked\h\h
in by the disciples like the Chakoora bird\h
who sucks in the nectar of the moonlight."
Moon stands for the Spirit.
In the same manner, let it\h
penetrate into their being.\h
After all, he was a very great\h
poet, I must say, in poetry,\h\h
nobody can go as deep as\h
Gyaneshwara has gone, no one.\h
So slowly and steadily,\h\h
very gently, beautifully the knowledge of the\h
Divine has penetrate, penetrated into your being.
It is evident on your central nervous system,\h\h
on your face, on your behavior, on\h
your understanding, on your habits.\h
In every way, but specially\h
in your eyes like a light.\h
There’s a light in the eyes\h
of all the sahaja yogis\h\h
and that light shows that\h
they are enlightened people.\h
It happens, of course, because Sahaja\h
Yoga was supposed to do your Realization.\h
Then the second part was to teach\h
you about decoding the Divine laws,\h\h
telling you about what it means, why,\h
feeling those vibrations on your fingertips;\h\h
then also how to correct yourself,\h
what correction is needed.
By making you your own Guru, slowly and steadily\h
you could see what was wrong in your machinery\h\h
so that you absorbed it, very gradually\h
and very beautifully within yourself.\h
It’s a very delicate work and in no university\h
whatsoever, or in no school or college,\h\h
this kind of loving imbibement is possible.\h
Everything moves so slowly with all\h
the blessings and auspiciousness\h\h
and all the beauty and glory, being exposed\h
to you of your own and of that of Divine.
Every moment you saw how the blessings worked.
Today only they told Me, “It’s very cold there."
I said, “All right, it will be warmer today."
So the Divine immediately made it warmer.
It’s so simple that\h\h
the Divine is anxious to look after you, to\h\h
make you happy, to make you joyous,\h
to enjoy every moment of your life,\h\h
to enjoy yourself, to enjoy your own\h
beauty; and the whole flow is so beautiful\h\h
and so beautifully done within and\h
without, in your behaviour, in everything.\h
We have definitely started a new\h
race on this Earth, no doubt about\h\h
it – and a new age that has\h
been described is already here.\h
No doubt, we are very different people from all\h
other people who may profess religions, who may\h\h
have theories, they say this and that,\h
but they haven’t got your beauty.
It’s clearly shown on your faces.
Today is not the way I should teach\h\h
you something as a Guru, but as a Mother I\h
thought, I’ll better get some presents for you.\h
I used to cook very well, but nowadays I don’t\h
cook so I thought better give some presents today\h\h
that enjoy My own love for you.
You can sing to Me.
You can express your love.
I’ve no way of expression of My love to you.
So whatever small things I could get,\h\h
I’ve tried to bring for you.
I hope you’ll like it.
Of course, for all of you I couldn’t get anything,\h\h
whatever little thing we could do, in this short\h
time, you know I was having a real marathon,\h\h
running from places to places and I could\h
only get to some airports at things, looking\h\h
out for My children something here and there.
It’s a very hectic sort of a thing, but that’s\h\h
what I enjoy and I hope you also will enjoy.
May God bless you all!